hello everybody my name is Colin Ruby
and today I'm me showing you how to make
nazi zombies per bar from the game-mode
McCain black ops not selfies and this is
what it will look like when you're all
done as you can see this is all eight of
them so you can do it with whichever
perk you want and let's get started
things you will need you will need paint
a paintbrush of foam that's what the
kind I use food coloring glue and
scissors and of course the bottles you
can get those for I think six dollars
down at this grocery store so now you're
gonna need to just drink it or dump it
out really doesn't matter just get a get
all the soda out of them so that we
don't need that now you're gonna want to
fill up your sink a little bit with some
hot water make sure it's hot and put
just let the bottle soak in the water
for however long I mean for thirty
minutes
yeah that's what I meant jump onto the
Internet the link will for this website
will be in the description you can go
copy into a Word document print it off
and then just cut it out that simple
make it look nice kind of deal
now you can also buy that wait you can
paint the bottle cap you're gonna that's
where you need the paint or whatever
pert color you want then just let that
dry then after the 30 minutes is over
jump over to the sink take out the
bottle dump it out and start moving the
label now this is one of the tricky
parts because the label even though we
soaked it it still is tough to get off
sometimes so yeah as you can see I still
have a little bit of a trouble with it
there like that after you do remove most
of it you have this glue residue papery
stuff left behind so what you're gonna
want to do is just take a wet rag that's
hot water and then just kind of scrub it
I fast forward it here but just kind of
scrub it until you get all that papery
gluey residue left that was left behind
off
there you go all the stuff is off and
it's ready for the next step now here
what you want to do is you're gonna fill
it up with water and dried the bottle
before you do anything after that fill
it up with the water where you think it
should be at the level towards the top
and then dry it and so that when we glue
the label on it doesn't get all sticky
and you don't want the label because
it's paper to get wet so there's the
label you can't also print off the
labels like in stickers and just sticker
them on I mean that's most ideal but in
here I just glued them now put tons of
glue - like in school they tell you like
be conservative with your glue no just
plaster the thing with as much glue as
you can because that will help make it
stick better if you go with this route
which is what I do and then you're gonna
want to just stick it up on the bottle
about mid center try to get even and try
it
don't just slam it on you're gonna want
to have to roll it like I do so that you
don't get any bubbles or anything like
that or any wrinkles in the paper you
know now has the water the label and you
can move on to the food coloring now the
food colorings tricky as well cuz with
juggernaut it's really easy cuz you just
need the red but with some of them like
Deadshot and PhD flopper ones like that
they don't have really that food
coloring like at the store easy to get
so you're gonna have to go on and mix
and match some colors until you figure
out what to get for them so those ones
will be a challenge just shake it up and
make it all look red
at this point wait for the cap to dry
and just throw it on top and that's
about it and that's really all there is
to it thanks for watching my name is
Skyler McBee if you have any suggestions
or anything leave it in the comments
below I'll take a look at it and I'll
improve so thank you for watching again
and I will see you guys later